README.md, before:

# Project Euler

[![connect](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=Contact&message=Lily&color=32698E)](https://github.com/Lilyheart)
[![license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/Lilyheart/projecteuler.svg?maxAge=2592000)](https://github.com/Lilyheart/projecteuler/blob/gh-pages/LICENSE)

This is a repostiory of solutions to [Project Euler](https://projecteuler.net/about) Challenges completed by Lily Romano.  
Do not submit solutions as your own.

## Euler 100 Progress

![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/2/?scale=100&width=200&color=32698E)  

## Steps for each problem

### Setup

- [ ] Create new file in applicable language folder
- [ ] Find problem on [Project Euler](https://projecteuler.net/archives)
- [ ] Add description to new file
- [ ] Find problem on [FreeCodeCamp](https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/coding-interview-prep#project-euler])
- [ ] Add template code to new file
- [ ] Add `module.exports = FUNCNAME;` to bottom
- [ ] Create new test file in applicable language folder
- [ ] Copy tests from FreeCodeCamp
- [ ] Commit skeleton files `git commit -m "Add test code for `

### Finish

- [ ] Code until tests pass
- [ ] Update README progress bar
- [ ] Commit files `git commit -m "Finish and tested code for `

Commit message:

Move projectEuler code into it's own folder

README.md, after:

# Code Chalelnges

[![connect](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=Contact&message=Lily&color=32698E)](https://github.com/Lilyheart)
[![license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/Lilyheart/projecteuler.svg?maxAge=2592000)](https://github.com/Lilyheart/projecteuler/blob/gh-pages/LICENSE)

This is a repository of solutions to various code challenges completed by Lily Romano.  
Do not submit solutions as your own.

## Project Euler

This folder is related to solutions for [Project Euler](https://projecteuler.net/about).

### Euler 100 Progress

![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/2/?scale=100&width=200&color=32698E)  

### Steps for each problem

#### Setup

- [ ] Create new file in applicable language folder
- [ ] Find problem on [Project Euler](https://projecteuler.net/archives)
- [ ] Add description to new file
- [ ] Find problem on [FreeCodeCamp](https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/coding-interview-prep#project-euler])
- [ ] Add template code to new file
- [ ] Add `module.exports = FUNCNAME;` to bottom
- [ ] Create new test file in applicable language folder
- [ ] Copy tests from FreeCodeCamp
- [ ] Commit skeleton files `git commit -m "Add test code for `

#### Finish

- [ ] Code until tests pass
- [ ] Update README progress bar
- [ ] Commit files `git commit -m "Finish and tested code for `
